#### A Noble's Slice of Life
Lucon, 25 year-old son of Semnon, wakes in the Gold's Landing district of [[Enetia]] to the sound of the [[Sect of Illumination]]'s call of dawn, amplified by large horns that bathe the city in the guttural sound of their throat singing. The Temple of Light is far enough away that the singing is but a distant sound, loud enough to perform its function but not loud enough to annoy Lucon and his neighbouring nobles. Lucon is the first heir of his father's estate, and is involved in Enetian politics as a councillor in the city's oligarchical senate. In the morning, he dresses in the traditional [[Mycean]] garb of a white tunic accented with a deep blue to signify his station, complete with leggings to resist the colder winds of the northern [[Cenerian]] climate. On his belt he attaches another sign of nobility, that of the curved sabre in a gilded sheath, proud of the fact that he is noble but also a citizen: allowed the honour of carrying a weapon within the city's walls.

Lucon begins his day by eating a respectable breakfast alongside his sisters, served by one of his slaves; inland fowl eggs and bean soup are a staple on the menu, as well as more exclusive seafood items such as swordfish, sturgeon roe, and octopus. His breakfast is taken at dawn, before he begins his training routine in archery. Nobles in other cities have a cavalry training regimen, a fact that Lucon envies. In Enetia, no space exists for horse corrals and large stables, much less open fields for practice. The noble [[Mycean]] tradition of the longbow, however, is practiced regularly and to a fault. He spends the rest of his morning swimming in the clean waters of Gold's Landing.

Before noon, Lucon sets off from his estate. His role as Sea Lord Amnon's adjutant requires regular meetings with captains of the merchant fleet. He eventually meets one unhappy petitioner, Galon of the [[Trading Fellowship]], who has been refused rights to sail to [[The Eye]] for [[Haze]] transportation due to his lack of oversight with the delicate material. Many alchemists in the city have complained of shoddy and wet product on delivery by Galon, usually expected to be delivered in dry batches. They discuss business over a light lunch of wine, rare red meat, preserved fruits, and honeyed cakes while enjoying the view of pleasure craft docking and undocking at Gold's Landing, away from the hustle and bustle of the usual merchant docks. This is an honour in and of itself for Galon, who accepts rejection of his trade license in exchange for the gourmet meal and exclusive invitation to the district's best taverna, and for rubbing shoulders with one of the city's respected admirals' sons. Lucon assures him that, in time, Galon will be able to re-apply for the license. 

Lucon's afternoon takes him to the Senary, where the Temple of Light which woke him at dawn is located. It is also where the city's council meets, and the location of his lord's office. Sea Lord Amnon is already chewing out some lesser officers when he arrives, giving him news that he decided against renewing Galon's [[Haze]] license. The Sea Lord only listens with one ear, preoccupied with the rising [[Thalen]] pirate threat ever since the [[Voyage of Normund]] saw many of Enetia's allies fall in the [[Golden Bay]]. Lucon is expected to attend meetings and give input (when requested) until the end of the day, when the council meets at sunset. Then, both he and Amnon are expected to attend a special session called for the navy's response to the rising pirate threat. Amnon gives a reasonable speech, but is heckled by some councillors for the lack of progress and lost shipments. The council adjourns when the last rays of the sun are cast, having come to no satisfactory conclusion on the matter. 

Lucon sups with some of his fellow younger nobles in a Senary eatery, before they inevitably move on to bustling Arcshore, where the wine flows and his generation can let loose. Lucon's friend Denos visits his favourite prostitute, for which he is considered to have lost some honour, though his friends don't mind, and more importantly, don't tell. Lucon himself is courting a well-off merchant's daughter in the same district, who has yet to embrace his advances. Rejected again, Lucon heads to his home in Gold's Landing, alone. Away from the bustling crowds but before reaching the guards of the district, he is beset by some thugs, who have smuggled [[Thalen]] crossbows into the city (a dishonourable weapon). Sword drawn, Lucon realises he is outmatched, and is robbed of his fine clothes, sword, and whatever change of coin he carried that day. Left in only his leggings, he shakes off the shock of the robbery and decides to swim across the canal that separates Gold's Landing from Arcshore, sneaking past the guards who are sure to spread the news of his dishonour, something he is keen to avoid. He sneaks past a canal patrol and arrives, soggy and near-nude at his house, where his sisters tease him for his misfortune for the next season (though are secretly glad he is safe). 

#### A Merchant's Slice of Life
Pelica is a merchant of [[Aspola]], first [[Mycean]] colony and city founded on [[Zinnabar]]. Her family have lived here for generations, and many were sailors, merchants, and artisans before her. Her own path was decided, when, like many Aspolans, she answered [[Andros]]' call to war during the [[Voyage of Normund]]. Her upbringing under her father, a merchant sailor, allowed Pelica to rise to master navigator aboard a Cenerian warship, a Dromon, which engaged [[Thalen]] warships near [[Movenna]]. After a disastrous boarding action, Pelica was wounded and thrown overboard, though [[Bel]] must have heard her prayers and let her unconscious body was ashore near [[Movenna]], where she took refuge. The [[Sect of Pyos]] took her in, and was pleased with her merchant's ability in [[Arcanum]], which she soon applied to scribal work in exchange for room and board. After some time, the war between [[Thalendor]] and [[Ceneria]] was ended, and Pelica was able to sail home aboard the once-again-sailing merchantmen. 

Now living in [[Aspola]] again, Pelica captains her trading ship. She commands over one hundred rowers, her own navigators, and mercenary hirelings. Her trade is built on importing [[Haze]] to [[Aspola]], where her brother is a renowned alchemist taught in the [[Enetia]]n way of concocting the raw material into its final form. Unlike her life on the ship, a routine begins to form when she stays in the city. Pelica rises to the loud guttural singing of the [[Sect of Illumination]] which bathes the city in their dawn-song. Her mornings are spent eating bean soup and seafood such as sardines, mussels, and cod. Before noon, she is working on balancing her books using her elementary skills in [[Arcanum]], or paying a visit to the docks to check on inventory and any loading operations. She owns one domestic slave, but many more work the warehouses which she co-owns as part of her membership of the [[Trading Fellowship]]. Her rowers, too, are slaves, though they are paid for by investments in her trading venture by other merchants. 





