The [[Haze]] is a corrupting ether that permeates many woods and mountain ranges of [[Osera]] and [[Hesperon]]. It is within the [[Haze]] that the [[Horrors]] live, and presumably multiply.

#### Origin
The sages of the [[Seventh Sanctum]] believe that the [[Haze]] is either caused by the Horrors, or alternatively that both are produced through some black magic by the [[Lethe]]. Alternatively, some plants may be responsible for producing the [[Haze]], though these would have to be quite rugged since the [[Haze]] also hangs low over mountains. Further still, it may be a property of the land itself, as no [[Haze]] is known to exist in [[Zinnabar]]. Lastly, the abundance of [[Haze]] on [[The Eye]] suggests it is perhaps related to falling stars or other calamities which occurred during the [[Collapse]]. For the [[Sect of Illumination]], it is [[Bel]] made incarnate. 

#### Properties
The [[Haze]] is often described as similar to regular fog, but damper. When exposed to sunlight or fire, [[Haze]] eventually dries into powdery-crystal, perfect for transportation. On [[The Eye]], [[Haze]] is so  abundant that is has dried in layers, making it ripe for harvesting. In other areas, the dried [[Haze]] often mixes with dirt, mud, and other impurities instead, making it unprofitable for harvest.
The [[Haze]] is often thought to enable the use of corrupted magic which can corrupt those exposed to it or who are not careful in its use. The sages of the [[Seventh Sanctum]] believe that [[Haze]] allow people to easily communicate with their [[Echoes]], but also corrupts those [[Echoes]] at the same time.

#### Trade
Concoctions of the [[Haze]] are sold on many streets of the cities of [[Osera]], known simply as 'Haze', and are particularly sought after on [[Zinnabar]] where it has to be imported. [[Enetia]] has become the centre of [[Haze]] bottling, monopolising it as a trade secret. [[Enetia]] is particularly well-placed, as the [[Haze]] is weaker and stronger in certain areas, being strongest near [[The Eye]], relatively close to [[Enetia]]. 

The artificial bottling of [[Haze]] has resulted in a spike of supernatural abilities, something of great concern to the [[Seventh Sanctum]] whose scholars posit that disaster looms. They believe that the lack of oversight and training will inevitably result in a similar disaster as befell [[Thenea Epeson]]. For their part, many blame the Sixth Sanctum for the city's destruction and pay no heed to the sages' fear-mongering. 