Migrants from the [[Unsung Lands]]. Great horseriders, the Thalen have mastered the lance and stirrup. Thalen were also great fortification builders, having had to fortify themselves against the unnatural threats of their eastern homelands. Their knowledge of castle building was brought with them to [[Osera]], giving them a distinct advantage over the [[Brethiln]] on whose lands they settled as [[Thalendor]]. 

**Male Names:** Alay, Alaren, Athegar, Amalric, Anbard, Baldulf, Borvald, Brunn, Chalric, Cunbert, Dalard, Durold, Ecard, Erdurand, Folc, Funbard, Galrec, Galthard, Gilvard, Gunteric, Hecard, Harobert, Inric, Lomarc, Lorgand, Merovic, Norbund, Olither, Osric, Perin, Romund, Rothard, Servic, Sigard, Sorgar, Thalric, Thalvin, Tharerd, Theodric, Ulvard, Varmund, Vigother

**Female Names:** Adalis, Asela, Beltrud, Beswinda, Brunda, Catalida, Carmenet, Daliset, Elta, Elys, Eywyn, Friduna, Gerta, Gisilind, Iliset, Isigund, Liena, Lis, Melind, Mitela, Roslind, Saraset, Sigalind, Silvind, Thalva, Theuda, Vilatrud
#### Appearance
[[Thalen]] are relatively tall and broad-shouldered people. Males wear short-cropped beards (long unkempt ones are considered dirty) but both males and females keep longer hair, often 'done-up' in a bun, hair-do, or braids. Short hair is considered childish, but long, flowing hair as befitting only those who do not perform labour, such as noble women. 
#### Origin
The Thalen keep stories of their migrations from the Unsung Lands, a once thriving land that turned foul with rot over time, forcing them west. The Thalen were only one of many cultures living there, but no others have attempted the crossing of the wastes between those lands and Osera.
#### Culture
The Thalen are organised around petty and princely households. Everything within their society is done as a household unit, from business to agriculture to warfare. To maintain diversity and cultural connection, adoption of wards is commonplace, though not on the permanent level as the [[Cenerian]]s. 
Thalens value sturdy estates and castles, as well as good horsemanship and the rearing of powerful war horses. They are entirely reliant on agriculture to feed their population.
#### Beliefs
Thalen have had an ancestor-worshipping religion as far as they remember. Ever since their arrival in Osera, however, many have taken a liking to Cenerian culture, including their beliefs. In particular, Pyos has been adopted as a primary god among many Thalen, who have flocked to join the [[Sect of Pyos]] in [[Movenna]]. This is mostly attributed to [[Aldric]]'s conversion before winning the [[Battle of Oathbridge]], which resulted in many of his followers converting too. Nevertheless, ancestor worship remains ubiquitous in Thalen culture, and often happens alongside worship of Pyos.  
#### Politics
The Aldrician dynasty has ruled Thalendor since its inception, its foundation built on its vassals who rule from imposing castles. Each Thalen castellan owes personal loyalty and tax from their fields to the monarch, who in turn supports each castellan against natural and unnatural threats through their combined might. 